 operation steel curtain ( arabic : ا ل ح ج ا ب ا ل ف و ل ا ذ ي al hejab elfulathi ) was a military operation executed by coalition forces in early november 2005 to reduce the flow of foreign insurgents crossing the border and joining the iraqi insurgency . 
 the hospital has facilities for mri and ct scan , a gamma camera and lithotripsy device . 
 the operation was important in that it was the first large scale deployment of the new iraqi army . 
 this was my first visit to uzbekistan and an important opportunity to deepen and strengthen bilateral relations between the uk and uzbekistan on a number of issues important to us both . 
 the group was founded by sheikh abu omar al - ansari . " 
 and hopefully , by reading , we can achieve this . " " " 
 but nobody can leave now . 
 the members of the security council are encouraged by the decision of iraqi president fuad masum to nominate a new prime minister - designate . 
 iraq 
 we extend our deepest condolences to the families of the victims and hope for a speedy recovery of all those wounded . 
 the siege of darayya by government and pro - assad forces began nearly four years ago . 
 " the stock of clothing his family has proudly sold for years is just mounds of blackness now . 
 “ the nation ’ s business is why we are all here , ” said col. travis caughlin , 507th maintenance group commander . 
 the incident is under investigation . 
 foreign secretary boris johnson statement on the un not being given access to eastern aleppo . 
 the release said the two leaders discussed the next steps in the mosul operation , including the need to continue the close cooperation between the iraqi government and the kurdistan regional government . 
 foreign office minister , tobias ellwood , said : 
 we agreed our first priority must be the protection of civilians and ensuring access for humanitarian aid . 
 ground - based artillery fired in counter - fire or in fire support to maneuver roles are not classified as a strike as defined by cjtf - oir . 
 the rest of the chapter deals with the exercise of divine power . " 
 they are given breakfast and work for an hourly rate of one dinar . 
 we are consulting with the government of iraq to ascertain the full extent of this unprovoked attack . 
 while this important step forward brings us closer to starting negotiations between the syrian parties , we recognize the difficult work ahead , and remain determined to continue toward a political settlement that brings an end the conflict . 
 minister for the middle east , tobias ellwood said : 
 in one of our skype conversations , anas tells me that as well as aspiring teachers , doctors and dentists looking for technical or academic books , many still just read for the love of it . 
 the defense department has identified the american service member who was killed in syria on thanksgiving day . 
 the mournful lament from his cello wafted through the dark warren of charred and gutted shops which now line a street once known for its bright , blinking neon signs and shops selling everything from perfume to pretty dresses to kebabs . 
 but anas says it helps the community in all sorts of ways . 
 in syria , coalition military forces conducted 23 strikes using attack , bomber , fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against isil targets . 
 in the past 24 hours , the u.s. - led coalition ’ s four airstrikes delivered 24 munitions against isil targets , which include three tactical units , a command - and - control node and five supply routes in support of sdf operations to isolate raqqa , davis said . 
 on behalf of the men and women of u.s. central command , i extend my personal gratitude and our deepest condolences to his family , friends and fellow service members . " 
 they ' d come to shop on a festive night just before the muslim eid celebration . 
 the isolation of raqqah , when complete , will liberate strategically valuable terrain surrounding raqqah and enable the liberation of the city . 
 they remain integral to the accomplishment of our common objective which is the ultimate defeat of daesh in iraq and syria . " 
 this independent investigation has concluded that the asad regime has used chemical weapons against the syrian people on at least three occasions , and that daesh has used such weapons at least once . 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in syria include australia , bahrain , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , saudi arabia , turkey , united arab emirates , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 we must all act by continuing to cut off its finance , severing its access to oil and stemming the flow of foreign fighters , in addition to the military action we are taking against this evil ideology . 
 u.s. army general joseph votel , commander , u.s. central command recently met with u.s. air force civilian employees and provided an overview of the centcom vision , the current mission , and strategic approach . 
 the jihadist group also took over a nearby military barracks during the battle . [ 4 ] 
 " " " it is however hard to immediately verify all the reports we are getting , so the following examples should be treated as preliminary and not definitive , " " he noted . " 
 “ the cjtf - oir commanding general , lt. gen. stephen j. townsend , made it clear during his dec. 14th press conference that we would strike the equipment before it posed a threat to counter - isil operations , ” said col. john ' j.d. ' dorrian , the cjtf - oir spokesperson . 
 votel explained u.s. central command ’ s top priorities : 
 as the second largest contributor to the coalition military activities , the uk has flown over 870 missions , conducted over 265 bombing raids on isil targets , and is now providing an additional 125 soldiers to assist in counter - ied training for the iraqi army helping them to clear territory safely and return it to local people . 
 he was captured by jordanian 71st counter terrorism battalion with the aid of jordanian intelligence officers in may 2006 , and accused of being abu musab al - zarqawi ' s assistant which karbouly denied . [ 2 ] karbouly told the tribunal that he was “ innocent ” . 
 some iraqis still insist their life is here and only here . 
 “ on this thanksgiving , please be thankful that there are service members willing to take up the fight to protect our homeland from isil ' s hateful and brutal ideology . ” 
 the report also details the destruction of syria ’ s cultural heritage by daesh . 
 yet like many iraqis who returned after the 2003 war toppled saddam hussein , karim insists he will stay . 
 on thursday , dec. 15 , coalition aircraft from cjtf - oir destroyed 14 isil tanks and other equipment captured near palmyra , syria . 
 it was worried they would push down wages , take jobs from jordanians and be encouraged to stay permanently , stirring up resentment . 
 he was primarily involved in the logistics of aqi ' s effort in iraq and assisted in smuggling weapons , money and fighters across the syria - iraq border . 
 in november 2006 the islamic association got permission to build a muslim cultural center next to the city center . 
 the international community must do all it can to pressure the asad regime to lift sieges in place across syria and sustain humanitarian access . 
 the united states strongly condemns the horrific attacks today in the towns of jabla in the northwest province of latakia , and the port city of tartus , for which da ’ esh has claimed responsibility and where more than 60 civilians were killed and injured in multiple bombings that targeted bus stations and a hospital . 
 on january 15 , 2006 , the umbrella organization known as the mujahideen shura council announced its formation . 
 for isil , this means yet another military defeat in iraq . 
 in 2006 , while meeting in the safehouse with his spiritual adviser , he was bombed and killed by u.s. - led coalition aircraft . [ 2 ] 
 another resident said he had had heard a missile whizzing through the air . 
 the power station was commissioned in 1972 . 
 u.s. officials reported that the operation killed 139 insurgents and took 256 more prisoners , and considered it successful . 
 the department of defense announced today the death of a soldier who was supporting operation inherent resolve . 
 this report makes clear that the asad regime has consistently failed to co - operate with the investigation . 
 un human rights staff have received reports of atrocities being committed by islamic state militants as iraqi government forces close in on mosul . 
 the regime and its backers , notably russia , are inflicting the worst bombardment seen yet on aleppo and other towns and areas in syria , causing severe humanitarian suffering . 
 commenting on reports that isil forces have reached the unesco world heritage site at palmyra in syria , foreign office minister tobias ellwood said : 
 the department , through its senior advisor for mek resettlement , will remain actively engaged in the international effort to relocate the residents of camp hurriya to safe , permanent locations as soon as possible . 
 answer : deputy secretary of state tony blinken will travel to paris for tomorrow ’ s multilateral meeting , convened by the french government , to discuss efforts to resolve the crisis in syria . 
 “ in support of these operations , the coalition in the last 24 hours conducted 10 airstrikes , including strikes against both tactical units and the oil infrastructure that provides isil ’ s shrinking financial support . " 
 alsumaria produces almost all of its 24 / 7 programs in - house . 
 " on 5 november , marines from 3rd battalion , 6th marines and 2nd battalion , 1st marines began their assault on insurgent - held karabilah , and had cleared the city four days later . 
 “ if we don ’ t get there , fighters , bombers , and airlifters won ’ t get there without the tanker . 
 the foreign secretary joined the us secretary of state and international partners for talks on the humanitarian situation in aleppo and across syria . 
 isil seized the tanks and other military hardware from tiyas military airfield near palmyra , syria , between 11 - 13 dec. 
 - ensure an effective posture . 
 the group carried out unspeakable atrocities in dabiq , named its english - language magazine after the town and claimed it would be the site of a final victory for the so - called caliphate . 
 read the summit documents on issues including counter - terrorism , migration , defence and nuclear energy . 
 this listing gives yet another indication that assad ’ s “ war ” on isil is a sham and that he supports them financially . 
 i hope that yesterday ’ s agreement can contribute positively to this process . 
 despite differences in language and leadership styles , the two units were able to overcome these challenges through the use of translators and linguists while weeks of using their equipment together provided the right environment for the teams to overcome any technical differences . 
 and , a jan. 3 u.s. strike hit the headquarters compound itself , he added . 
 after zarqawi ' s death , ghadiya took orders from his successor , abu ayyub al - masri , either directly or through a deputy . 
 and on sunday , members of is are reported to have killed 50 former iraqi police officers they had been holding in a building outside mosul . 
 . near mosul , seven strikes engaged four isil tactical units ; destroyed a fighting position , a heavy machine gun , seven isil - held buildings , four vbieds , a vbied facility , two weapons caches , three tactical vehicles , a tunnel entrance , and a mortar ; damaged 18 supply routes ; and suppressed two mortar teams and an isil tactical unit . 
 the uk continues to stand shoulder to shoulder with the government and people of iraq in the fight against terrorism . 
 the information used to compile the daily strike releases is based on ' z ' or greenwich mean time . 
 pentagon press will gather around the call in the press briefing room and be called on to ask their questions by navy capt. jeff davis who will also be in the room at the pentagon . 
 noncommissioned officers from each unit were able to share knowledge from past experiences in an information exchange between subject matter experts . 
 every time he heads for the front line , he stocks up with books first . 
 conducted five airstrikes , delivering 101 munitions . 
 he was targeted and killed in a cross - border raid conducted by the u.s. military on october 26 , 2008 . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] 
 of course there are many challenges ahead but the world has taken a great step forward to resolving the syrian crisis . 
 hrw said the woman ' s section of the al - khani mosque in daquq , a kurdish - controlled town about 30km ( 19 miles ) south of kirkuk , had been filled with shia muslim worshippers when it was hit by an explosion . 
 it is used to train students and graduate doctors from syrian universities and contributes to scientific research . 
 i am deeply concerned and shocked by reports that isil has killed 70 members of the al bu nimr tribe in anbar province , iraq . 
 it also performs general , endoscopic , vascular and cardiac surgery , neurosurgery and urosurgery . 
 the international community – including russia and iran – must now work to support a nationwide cessation of hostilities to help create the environment for a political settlement based on genuine transition . ” 
 the foreign secretary , boris johnson , said : 
 while our srtf contribution today will help many , syrians face significant challenges working to support their communities , and we continue to urge our international partners to contribute and help the srtf fulfill its important mission . 
 but nine members of his family died in the blazing orange fireball set off by the blast . 
 they help us plan for life once assad is gone . 
 “ i ’ m convinced tankers are the key to global reach , “ caughlin said . 
 abu jandal was involved in the use of suicide vehicles , ieds and chemical weapons against the sdf . 
 for more information , media may contact the u.s. army special operations command public affairs office at 910 - 432 - 3383 . 
 follow @ bbcnewsmagazine on twitter and on facebook 
 and reading has definitely made mine stronger . 
 recent media reports have speculated on the role that international forces will play in the iraqi operation to liberate mosul . 
 she already held a first round of talks with the foreign ministers of iran , saudi arabia , emirates , turkey , lebanon , egypt , jordan , qatar before the end of the year . 
 " " " now these people live in dignity , " " he says . 
 through its illicit oil operations and trafficking in looted archaeological material from syria and iraq , isil has generated millions of dollars in hard currency , enabling it to brutalize and oppress innocent civilians . 
 question : will the united states participate in the paris meeting on syria on october 27 , who will attend / at what level , what other details can we provide , etc . ? 
 they go to the market . 
 the fortified city fell to coalition forces after seven days of fighting , bringing a conclusion to operation steel curtain . 
 as we have repeatedly made clear , the united states supports iraqi unity and sovereignty . 
 the campaign began in october , but got off to a slow start in the face of tough is defence and counter - attacks . 
 they kidnapped and killed 11 people , including one hostage who was beheaded . 
 he came to karrada to play his cello , a 300 - year - old instrument he cradled carefully as crowds gathered . 
 this meeting will be an opportunity for coalition partners to discuss ongoing efforts for mosul and raqqah and to explore ways to further accelerate the campaign against da ’ esh in iraq and syria and its network outside those geographic borders . 
 they saved us from having to bring in migrant labourers from abroad . 
 as a long - time ally , the united states remains steadfast in support of turkey ’ s democratically elected government and institutions — institutions enshrined in turkey ’ s constitution . 
 the attack was a horrific act of terror against innocent people in the early hours of sunday morning in karrada , baghdad . 
 it also serves to produce hydroelectric power and flood control – although the later has become less critical with the construction of the mosul dam upstream and several other large dams in turkey . 
 the equipment was destroyed in the vicinity of the airfield , northeast of the city along a highway . 
 the united states strongly condemns the barbaric terrorist attacks in iraq today , including one in baghdad claimed by daesh that specifically targeted mourners inside a funeral tent . 
 “ i am deeply saddened by the news on this thanksgiving day that one of our brave service members has been killed in syria while protecting us from the evil of isil , ” carter said in a nov. 24 statement . 
 . near palmyra , one strike destroyed an isil - held tank . 
 alsumaria news ( arabic : ا ل س و م ر ي ة ن ي و ز ‎ ‎ ) is an independent iraqi satellite tv network that transmits on nilesat , hotbird , and noorsat / eurobird . 
 ziad khalaf al - karbouly ( ز ي ا د خ ل ف ا ل ك ر ب و ل ي ; died 4 february 2015 ) a native of al - qa ' im , was an islamist [ 1 ] former iraqi officer and the son of an iraqi tribal sheikh of the al - karabla clan of the dulaim . 
 but enthusiasts have stocked an underground library in syria with volumes rescued from bombed buildings - and users dodge shells and bullets to reach it . 
 the american people place a high value on their many connections to you — through trade and tourism , academic exchanges , and cultural and familial ties . 
 it is available for an arab audience throughout the world via satellite , online streaming through its website and in the americas on mytv . [ 1 ] 
 this is a significant day ; sinjar has been liberated after its violent and unwanted occupation by the terrorist group isil . 
 “ there is only one way to end this conflict : a syrian - led political settlement based on a transition away from the assad regime . 
 “ the syrian army now claims full control of aleppo , but this is a hollow victory . 
 on 23 may 2006 , he admitted that he had abducted and killed citizens from jordan and iraq , and had abducted two moroccans in october 2005 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] 
 the u.s. government takes all reports of potential sanctions violations seriously . 
 qanbar was a commander in the navy during saddam hussein ' s reign , and took part in the iran - iraq war of 1980 - 88 , and the war over kuwait in 1990 - 91 . 
 witnesses believe the attack in daquq was an air strike because of the sound of aircraft and scale of destruction . 
 this agreement is an important step in the process for iraq to obtain greater access to international capital markets . 
 the full report can be found on the human rights council web page dedicated to the commission of inquiry on the syrian arab republic . 
 they have now lost more than 30 percent of the territory they once held there . 
 " the enemy has used chemical weapons in the past , and we ' re going to make sure we are taking every measure to mitigate the risk to our forces , " said maj. gen. gary j. volesky , commander , combined joint forces land component command - operation inherent resolve . 
 raqqa in next isolation phase 
 we will continue to lead the global coalition to degrade and defeat da ’ esh so that it can no longer brutalize those who reject its tormented worldview . 
 now totals 6 , 602 . 
 following the meeting in paris the foreign secretary will return to the gulf , visiting saudi arabia on 11 december . 
 these vicious acts of mass murder are a sobering reminder of the need to continue coalition operations against da ’ esh and to eliminate the threat this terrorist group poses . 
 the city of mosul is the largest city controlled by daesh in iraq . 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood comments on reports of violations of the ceasefire in syria announced by russia and turkey on 29 december . 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood comments on the start of the iraqi mission to recapture the city of mosul in iraq . 
 the explosion occurred outside a courthouse in the town , just 7km ( four miles ) from the turkish frontier . 
 iraqi security forces and allied shia muslim paramilitary groups have been accused of committing serious violations during previous operations against is . 
 . near sinjar , one strike suppressed an isil tactical unit . 
 in support of the iraqi security forces , coalition aircraft conducted a precision strike on the location to target enemy fighters firing on iraqi forces . 
 hrw studied video footage and photos of the aftermath , which it said did not show any military structures or forces in the vicinity . 
 we are targeting developers , proliferators and users of chemical weapons , along with businessmen and companies supporting the brutal shabiha militias . 
 the strikes were conducted as part of operation inherent resolve , the operation to eliminate the isil terrorist group and the threat they pose to iraq , syria , and the wider international community . 
 he often goes to the scenes of bombings to play because he knows that , with every day this war goes on , a bit more of the fabric of life in this city dies . 
 this means it will be an offence under australian law to enter , or remain in , mosul district without a legitimate purpose . 
 in the past 24 hours , iraqi forces maintained their defensive positions against islamic state of iraq and the levant fighters on three sides of mosul , the country ’ s second - largest city , pentagon press operations director navy capt. jeff davis said today . 
 syria 
 no matter the circumstances , on this point we remain absolute : the united states remains committed to assisting the un high commissioner for refugees in the relocation of all camp hurriya residents to a permanent and safe location outside of iraq . 
 hospital activities include internal specialties , including cardiac , neurological , gastrointestinal and kidney . 
 sadiq beamed . 
 . near dayr az zayr , one strike destroyed an oil pump jack . 
 syria is being ripped apart by this widespread destruction , the fuelling of sectarian divisions , and the slaughter and scattering of its communities . 
 " " " we have to go through bombed - out buildings to hide ourselves from snipers . 
 . near palmyra , two strikes engaged an isil tactical unit and destroyed two tactical vehicles . 
 the united states remains committed to that goal . 
 at least 10 u.s. marines and an unknown number of iraqi soldiers died . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] a local physician from husaybah , zahid mohammed rawi , said that medical workers had counted 97 civilians killed in the first week of the operation . [ 2 ] 
 the uk is working with its allies to support the moderate syrian opposition to defend the syrian people from assad ’ s inhumanity and isil ’ s savagery . 
 once there he spends much of his time with a rifle in one hand and a book in the other . 
 “ the entire counter - isil coalition sends our condolences to this hero ' s family , friends and teammates , ” army lt. gen. stephen j. townsend , commander of combined joint task force - operation inherent resolve , said in the release . 
 the start of iraqi operations to retake the city of mosul marks another step forward towards clearing daesh from iraq . 
 foreign secretary welcomes new syria sanctions listings that apply further pressure on assad ’ s brutal regime . 
 iraqi officials said the is group had used laboratories in the university complex to make chemical weapons . 
 it was founded by bassel al - assad in 1989 , and was subsequently headed by his brother bashar al - assad , [ 1 ] who would later become the president of syria . 
 this is more than just the latest military result against this barbaric group . 
 buried beneath a bomb - damaged building , it ' s home to a secret library that provides learning , hope and inspiration to many in the besieged damascus suburb of darayya . 
 " " the liberation of the university of mosul means much , given its cultural , social and human symbolism . " " " 
 al assad university hospital in damascus is one of the largest teaching hospitals in syria . 
 a strike , as defined in the cjtf releases , means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the same geographic location to produce a single , sometimes cumulative effect for that location . 
 unfortunately for omar , his fellow fighters and the people of darayya , they may soon have little time for reading . 
 it is predominately shia arab . [ 1 ] 
 philip hammond welcomes agreement between iraqi and kurdistan regional governments on oil exports and revenue sharing . 
 " " iraqi forces should investigate whether this was a possible unlawful airstrike that killed civilians and report their findings . 
 one man i spoke to predicted that after nearly four long years of siege darayya could fall within days . 
 " keating ' s honorable and selfless service was in keeping with the finest traditions of military service and certainly will not be forgotten as we continue to put pressure on and ultimately eliminate the terrorists associated with isil . 
 there can be no military solution in syria . 
 abu ghadiya ( arabic : أ ب و غ ا د ي ة ‎ ‎ ) , born badran turki hishan al - mazidi ( arabic : ب د ر ا ن ت ر ك ي ه ي ش ا ن ا ل م ز ي د ي ‎ ‎ ) sometime between 1977 - 1979 in mosul , was a sunni militant active with al - qaeda in iraq ( aqi ) . 
 " 
 . near rawah , two strikes engaged an isil tactical unit and destroyed two isil - held building and a vbied . 
 " " " all i know is i ' m just being fired at , " " she says . " 
 the majority of these places are near the front line , so collecting them is very dangerous , " " he says . " 
 uk - france relationship 
 it also identifies some important ways in which australia ’ s response to this , and other , protracted crises might be further strengthened . 
 this resolution gives us a timetable and a clear way forward . 
 the command intends to hold three town halls next year with varying agendas to convey useful information to the civilian workforce and to take questions and recommendations . 
 during the summit , ministers made the following announcements : 
 about 8 , 000 of darayya ' s population of 80 , 000 have fled . 
 we will host in brussels in mid january a round of bilateral talks to find common ground on the post conflict in syria , and on reconciliation and reconstruction , in full coordination and support of the talks that will be held in geneva in february . in addition , the eu will be hosting a conference in brussels , follow - up to last year ' s london conference on syria , in spring . 
 in this context , the announcement of an agreement for cessation of hostilities on the eve of a new year is welcome . 
 boris johnson 
 petty officer keating was advising and assisting our kurdish partners , in support of operation inherent resolve . " 
 i ' m behind on my rent , i have debts . " " " 
 because of his associations with isil terror attack planners and war council members , his death will degrade isil ' s ability to defend raqqah and launch external operations against the west . 
 however , in jordan , he can be paid only the minimum wage . 
 they falsely use the name of islam to commit atrocities and have once again slaughtered sunnis , those they claim to be defending . 
 time permitting , journalists outside the pentagon will also be able to ask questions . 
 " in 2004 an arabic - language manual , which carried the logo and address of the brandbergen mosque , was spread on the internet . 
 secretary kerry : we obviously talked about the extraordinarily dire situation in aleppo and we exchanged some ideas about it , and we intend to connect in the morning to see where we are on it . 
 " in may 2013 , 700 domains registered by syrians , mostly hosted at servers with ip addresses assigned to the syrian computer society , [ 3 ] were reported to have been seized by the u.s. dns infrastructure operator network solutions . [ 2 ] the domain names were marked as " " ofac holding " " , believed to be a reference to the u.s. federal government ' s office of foreign assets control . [ 3 ] " 
 so we can be like that too . 
 the operation is expected to take weeks , if not months , depending on how much resistance they face from the 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 militants believed to be inside mosul . 
 on saturday , militants shot dead three women and three children from rufaila , also south of mosul , because they were trailing behind a group of other people from the same village who were being forced by is to relocate to another area . 
 we must keep pushing for a return to a political process with the credibility necessary for all parties to commit to an end to all the fighting . 
 despite being captured by american forces , qanbar was later decorated by saddam for his bravery in defense of the island . [ 2 ] after the war , qanbar was posted in basra , but was excluded from new commands after he refused to stop the 1991 shiite uprising . [ 1 ] 
 - strengthen relationships with allies . 
 i congratulate all concerned for their work to resolve this long - standing disagreement . 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in syria include australia , bahrain , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , saudi arabia , turkey , united arab emirates , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 “ the foreign secretary underlined the uk ’ s commitment to supporting the government of iraq to defeat terrorism and to give all iraqis new hope for the future . 
 abboud qanbar ( arabic : ‎ ‎ ع ب و د ق ن ب ر ) , also known as abu haidar , [ 1 ] is an iraqi general . 
 strike assessments are based on initial reports . 
 mr kirby : thanks , everybody . 
 it ' s a great way of exchanging ideas as well as books . " " " 
 he was a previous member of the isil ' s war committee and was involved in their retaking of palmyra , syria , before being reassigned to tabqa to try to improve isil ' s defenses against the syrian democratic forces . 
 the uk will continue to work with the international community to pursue an end to the regime ’ s indiscriminate bombing campaign , full and sustained humanitarian access , an immediate and lasting ceasefire , and a return to the negotiating table . 
 a foreign office spokesman said : 
 my thoughts are with the family and friends of those who have been killed and injured in such a horrific act . 
 this week sees the start of a second round of talks in the framework of the european union ' s regional initiative on the future of syria , high representative federica mogherini ’ s initiative to identify post - conflict arrangements for the country . 
 " " before we couldn ' t work outside easily . 
 and then there ' s the vast majority who feel they have no choice but to carry on , no matter what . 
 in antiquity , the mountains were part of the frontier region between babylonia to the south and assyria to the north . 
 the syrian democratic forces announced that they began their advance to isolate raqqah , syria , nov. 6 , 2016 . 
 the main purpose of the dam is to divert floodwater in the tigris river to lake tharthar through the tharthar depression along with irrigation and an 84 mw hydro - electricity station . 
 ultimately , the liberation of raqqah will free syrians to return to a life free from islamic state of iraq and levant atrocities and deny isil a safe haven to plot external attacks against the west . 
 i offer my sincere condolences to the families and friends of the victims , and hope those injured in the attack recover quickly . 
 after being captured in fialaka , he was briefly transferred to saudi arabia before his release . 
 the united states continues to stand shoulder to shoulder with the iraqi people as they confront isil and the violence it represents . 
 following the meeting the foreign secretary said : 
 on jan. 10 , coalition military forces conducted 23 strikes against isil terrorists in syria and iraq . 
 the coalition ’ s strategy to defeat isil is succeeding . 
 in april 2015 the tharthar barrage was captured by the islamic state after several days of fighting that saw 120 iraqi soldiers and a senior iraqi general killed . 
 the united states strongly condemns today ’ s brutal , senseless terrorist attack on camp hurriya that killed and injured camp residents . 
 " " " so , for example , when i have finished reading a book i go up to one of the others on the front line and exchange it for one he has just read . 
 this realignment is partially designed to improve operations by keeping maintenance and operations teams together both during the deployment and when training at home station . 
 the un security council is clear that the use of starvation of civilians as a method of combat , including the besiegement of populated areas , is unacceptable . 
 we are proud that the international coalition has supported the iraqi security forces in its efforts to defeat isil and despite their propaganda machine , isil are losing this fight . 
 gen . joseph votel , commander of u.s. central command said , " we ' ve been very clear from the outset of this campaign that to defeat daesh we would need to work with many different elements operating on the ground in iraq and syria . 
 the attacks in qamenas , sarmin and talamenes demonstrate the cruel barbarity of the asad regime in this conflict . 
 syria 
 they call him " " the maestro " " . " 
 in all five chapters of this book , the words of god are given in the first person , in contrast to the black book , which records the acts of god in the third person . 
 he will also meet with senior u.s. military officials to discuss our ongoing support for the iraqi armed forces , popular mobilization forces , and others in support of the coalition campaign against daesh . 
 for the same reason , it ' s long been impossible for journalists to enter darayya , so i have been conducting interviews by skype - my conversations repeatedly interrupted by shattering explosions , so loud that they distort the studio ' s speakers . 
 assad has been utterly dependent on foreign militias and russian air support , and has caused destruction on a tragic scale including further atrocities against the syrian people . 
 question : secretary kerry , did you discuss aleppo ? 
 isil has had control of mosul for two years , and the iraqis have cleared 15 to 20 percent of the city of enemy forces since the liberation of the city began oct. 17 , davis said . 
 " we mourn the loss of one of our own , navy special warfare operator 1st class charles h. keating iv , who was killed yesterday in northern iraq . 
 in the campaign to liberate the iraqi city of mosul , iraqi security forces have made progress in liberating neighborhoods and in clearing areas already liberated , he said . 
 the victims included his nephews working in the family ' s clothing business , together with their wives and children . 
 i welcome the important steps that have been taken by prime minister abadi and his government in recent weeks in support of this , including today ’ s announcement . 
 " i am delighted that fs forbin will be operating as part of ctf 50 and looking forward to the contribution she will make to ongoing u.s. , u.k. and french maritime security operations in the gulf , " said burns . 
 " there is one child who visits the library every day , however , because he lives next door . 
 - deter and counter state aggression . 
 . near al huwayjah , two strikes disabled two bridges . 
 it was completed in 1956 by the german company züblin . 
 minister for the middle east , tobias ellwood , responds to the attack in the karrada district of baghdad 
 in the end i had to tell myself to stop ! " " " 
 he ' s also set up an art space for young poets , painters , and , of course , musicians . 
 the israeli government has previously neither confirmed nor denied that it carries out strikes in syria . 
 whether deliberate or accidental , this was an indefensible attack , with at least ten people killed and vital aid to vulnerable people destroyed . 
 “ they have further linked the various axes of advance into mosul , which as we ’ ve mentioned previously makes the isf ’ s job easier and isil ’ s job more difficult , ” cook said . 
 additionally in iraq , coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes coordinated with and in support of the government of iraq using attack , bomber , fighter , and remotely piloted aircraft as well as rocket artillery against isil targets . 
 we have been clear , defeating isil will take time and patience but it is a fight we must win . 
 " 
 i am appalled by reports of the murder of hundreds of people , the ill treatment of women and the recruitment of children as young as 10 as soldiers , executioners and suicide bombers . 
 it is thought to have bombed weapons shipments intended for lebanon ' s hezbollah movement several times since syria ' s civil war began in 2011 . 
 it doesn ’ t get any more real than this . ” 
 fco minister tobias ellwood welcomes new budget deal as first step towards negotiating a solution to the issue of federal budget allocations 
 speaking nearly 12 months after the fall of mosul to isil terrorists , tobias ellwood said : 
 it is vital that all guarantors of the ceasefire use their influence to ensure it is adhered to , and that all parties take greater steps to ensure humanitarian aid reaches all those in need across syria . 
 minister tobias ellwood said : 
 the situation in aleppo remains dire with desperate images of destruction and a flagrant disregard for human life being splashed across the media on a daily basis . 
 “ of course , the global coalition continues to support iraqi forces with air strikes - - eight in the last 24 hours in support of the mosul operations - - as well as assistance from the ground . ” 
 i was pleased to meet a range of organisations to learn about the important work they do . 
 after specific legal requirements and policy considerations have been concluded , iraq will be able to benefit from this u.s. sovereign loan guarantee . 
 more than five million people across damascus also remain without access to the central water supply . 
 my enlightened brain has now fed my soul too , " " he replies . " 
 it will include a detailed discussion on the priorities needed to sustain the momentum of the campaign along our multiple lines of effort , including military , foreign terrorist fighters , counterterrorist financing , counter - messaging and stabilization of liberated areas . 
 hibhib ( arabic : ن ا ح ي ة ه ب ه ب ‎ ‎ , hibhib village ) is a village in northern iraq , located 8 km ( 5 . 0 mi ) northwest of baquba . 
 this attack once again displays the type of horrific atrocities that isil has perpetrated against tens of thousands of innocent people across syria and iraq and affirms the need for international resolve to strengthen those on the ground fighting isil . 
 last month , a key deal was reached to simplify the so - called rules of origin for jordanian factories exporting to the european union . 
 the members of the security council reiterate their support for iraq ’ s democratic process and their support for the iraq people in their fight against terrorism , in particular against isil . 
 " " " we saw that it was vital to create a new library so that we could continue our education . 
 “ it is a painful reminder of the dangers our men and women in uniform face around the world to keep us safe . ” 
 staff sgt. albert connelly , an artillery crew chief in abel battery , 3rd battalion , said “ we were able to give classes on the different systems we use in the machines . ” the exercise showcased the continuing cooperation within the two nations . 
 i welcome the news that the government of iraq has raised the iraqi flag again in tikrit . 
 established by a group of professional businessmen in 2004 , it has 700 employees across iraq , lebanon , the united arab emirates and jordan . 
 we will continue to take actions to deny any safe haven for al - qaida in syria . 
 we remain firmly committed to working closely with turkey within nato and the counter - isil coalition as well as bilaterally to combat such threats to security and stability . ” 
 “ mr johnson also raised the situation in ukraine , where there are continued violations of the minsk agreements , and stressed the need for a sustainable ceasefire in eastern ukraine . 
 foreign office minister tobias ellwood said : 
 navcent is responsible for approximately 2 . 5 million square miles of area including the arabian gulf , gulf of oman , north arabian sea , gulf of aden and the red sea . 
 in turkey , special advisor thames will deliver remarks on the department ’ s work to support religious minorities at the g - 20 interfaith conference . 
 european leaders pledged to ease trade regulations in return . 
 does hosting a syrian government website constitute a sanctions violation ? 
 the reservoir ' s design capacity is 150 , 000 , 000 m3 ( 121 , 607 acre · ft ) but much of that is filled with sediment . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in iraq include australia , belgium , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 " " " in many cases we get books from bomb or shell - damaged homes . 
 terrestrial broadcasting 64 uhf nilesat 102 . 
 now the authorities are experimenting with another possibility - that the presence of so many syrians could boost the sluggish economy . 
 in a sun - baked field just outside the jordanian city of ramtha , a young group of syrian men and women weave their way up and down rows of green peppers . 
 isil ’ s presence in the ancient site of palmyra is a tragedy for all syrians and its destruction would be a terrible act of vandalism . 
 votel expressed his desire that the command attracts and retains the very best people to support these critical priorities and that they are fully enabled to develop and contribute to the mission . 
 our policies are designed to assist ordinary citizens who are exercising their fundamental freedoms of expression , assembly and association , while preventing exports of goods and services that repressive regimes can use against their people . 
 foreign secretary philip hammond said : 
 turkey is a key player in the region dealing with the syrian conflict . 
 our condolences go out to the families of the victims , and we hope for the swift recovery of those injured . 
 u.s. air forces central command will release the results of the september 17 dayr az zawr , syria airstrike investigation on a live , on - the - record conference call open to journalists , starting at 10 a.m. nov. 29 , 2016 . 
 russia has a special responsibility in this regard to press the regime to end its offensive attacks and strikes that kill civilians , immediately allow relief supplies , as determined solely by the un , to reach all in need , and to comply completely with the cessation of hostilities , so that political talks aimed at ending the crisis have a chance to succeed . 
 assad ’ s brutal regime can never unite syria and bring stability . 
 a series of precision u.s. airstrikes against al - qaida operatives this week in northwestern syria ’ s idlib province killed more than 20 militants and destroyed eight vehicles and nine structures , pentagon press secretary peter cook told reporters today . 
 iraqi forces have seized full control of mosul university in their battle with so - called islamic state , iraqi state television said . 
 during the call , brig. gen. richard ' tex ' coe , the lead investigating officer , will present the findings and recommendations . 
 the information used to compile the daily strike releases is based on ' z ' or greenwich mean time . 
 the bridges were targeted by coalition air strikes in october with the aim of limiting the ability of is to resupply or reinforce their positions in the east . 
 named by coalition commanders , " " operation steel curtain " " , was a hardened sweep and clear mission hence " " steel curtain " " because one of the sncos was a pittsburgh steelers fan . " 
 state - run syrian news agency sana reported explosions at the mezzeh military airport and said ambulances were rushing to the scene . 
 over the last year the global coalition has launched almost 8 , 000 strikes against isil in iraq and syria and have taken back 30 % of territory isil once controlled in iraq . 
 the scenarios developed will include border security , command and control , cyber defense and battlespace management . 
 many of his comrades also have their own mini front line libraries , he says , adding that at just about every defence point , which are spaced about 50m apart , you will find a collection of borrowed books . 
 elite troops had entered the compound on friday as part of a major push into new territory . 
 for now though , omar says the library is helping to strengthen the town ' s defences as well as its resolve . 
 it is most of all to contribute , in coordination with others , to a negotiated peace for a united and democratic syria , and to help the syrian people to rebuild their country once the political conditions are in place . 
 “ on behalf of the department of defense , i want to convey my deepest condolences to the families of the victims in saturday ' s cowardly terrorist attack in istanbul , ” the secretary said in a statement . 
 the secretary added , “ please keep this service member ' s family , friends and teammates in your thoughts and prayers , and this thanksgiving i hope you will join me in expressing thanks to all of our dedicated troops who selflessly protect us every day . ” 
 mr alzoubi is convinced it is a win - win situation . 
 the most recent airstrikes bring the total number of munitions in support of the sdf since dec. 5 to 922 , he added . 
 ambassador robert ford has completed his consultations in washington and is returning to syria . 
 the brandbergen mosque , officially the islamic association in brandbergen is a mosque located in brandbergen , haninge municipality , south of stockholm , sweden . 
 with u.s. support , much of the site has been assessed and documented , emergency stabilization work has been undertaken , and completed a site management plan . 
 u.s. assistance is helping keep schools open for syrian children ; restoring access to electricity and water infrastructure ; supporting independent media and civil society to hold their local governments accountable , and building the capacity of the moderate opposition to play a role in a future syria that respects human rights and the rule of law . 
 the united nations security council has demonstrated the unity of the international community in working to defeat isil . 
 it ’ s essential that the regime and its backers provide the united nations that access with immediate effect . 
 this is further shocking proof of the horrific and indiscriminate methods the assad regime is using to kill and injure innocent civilians , including children . 
 many in iraq ' s national symphony orchestra have already left . 
 “ this attack only redoubles our resolve to stand shoulder - to - shoulder with our turkish allies in condemning these attacks and relentlessly combating terrorism . 
 at the same time , we are enormously grateful for the tremendous support provided by our coalition partners , especially the turks . 
 in addition to setting conditions for the ultimate liberation of raqqah , isil ’ s self - proclaimed capital , the operation will also cut off militants from isil in mosul , iraq . 
 last year ' s influx of hundreds of thousands to europe partly resulted from cuts to food aid and cash payments . 
 on monday , dec. 26 , abu jandal al - kuwaiti , an isil gang leader in raqqah was struck and killed by a coalition airstrike near tabqa dam , syria . 
 " force protection is my number one priority here . " 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in syria include australia , bahrain , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , saudi arabia , turkey , united arab emirates , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 the iraqi military has said it is looking into the incident . 
 who can say when their paths will cross once more or what iraq will be like then ? 
 but significant gains along the river may open up western mosul , which is still under is control , to iraqi forces seeking to advance . 
 donors also want to reduce dependence on handouts . 
 the secretary of state has authorized a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the significant disruption of the sale and / or trade of oil and antiquities by , for , on behalf of , or to benefit isil , also known by its arabic acronym as daesh . 
 tobias ellwood condemns isil ’ s treatment of residents of mosul and reiterates the uk ’ s commitment to defeating this terrorist organisation . 
 they were also allegedly beaten with sticks and gun butts . 
 the uk , the wider global coalition and the government of iraq are committed to defeating these terrorists and have already supported the re - taking by iraqi security forces of over 25 % of iraqi territory , including tikrit . 
 " " " we used to hire egyptians at two jordanian dinars ( £ 2 . 10 ; $ 2 . 80 ) an hour . 
 we have been in touch with senior iraqi officials to ensure that the government of iraq renders all possible medical and emergency assistance to the victims . 
 they also discussed military , humanitarian and stabilisation planning for forthcoming operations to free the city of mosul . 
 in lebanon , special advisor thames will meet with religious and civic leaders to discuss interfaith relations within the lebanese religious communities and to address the plight of vulnerable religious minority refugee populations coming to lebanon from syria and iraq . 
 the foreign secretary said : 
 the french previously led ctf 50 last december , commanding it from the nuclear - powered aircraft carrier fs charles de gaulle . 
 some members of the syrian computer society belonged to the first group of supporters of the syrian electronic army . [ 4 ] 
 the prime minister and president hollande discussed uk - france co - operation on counter - terrorism , migration , defence and nuclear energy . 
 “ working with them was enjoyable ; the jordanians are extremely knowledgeable with their systems . ” 
 these actions demonstrate a disregard for the cessation of hostilities , un security council resolution 2254 , and efforts to advance a political solution to the conflict , as well as its own commitments to facilitate full access for humanitarian relief supplies . 
 with support from 14 donor countries over the last two years , the srtf is delivering over 20 projects that reach 2 million syrians in the sectors of health , food security , water , electricity , agriculture , and waste management in areas of moderate opposition control inside syria . 
 but , i ask him , in a besieged town that has only had access to two aid convoys in nearly four years , wouldn ' t it make more sense for the library enthusiasts to spend their time looking for food rather than books ? 
 the french anti - air frigate fs forbin joined u.s. naval forces central command ' s ( navcent ) task force ( ctf ) 50 on dec. 27 . 
 alsumaria have exclusive rights to broadcast movies , documentaries , musicals , children , entertainment , and sports shows . 
 the un says this reinforces fears that is will use civilians as human shields . 
 more than 650 , 000 syrians are registered as refugees in jordan . 
 we read how in the past everyone turned their backs on a particular nation , yet they still made it . 
 it allows more imported raw materials to be used in finished products that are labelled as jordan - made , so they get duty - free access to eu markets . 
 there ' s no problem . " " " 
 a u.s. strike on jan. 1 hit two al - qaida vehicles that had departed a large al - qaida headquarters near sarmada , syria , cook said . 
 in addition to facilitating access to essential financing as iraq addresses multiple humanitarian crises , the guarantee agreement bolsters important economic and institutional reforms aimed at consolidating a foundation for stability and growth . 
 down a flight of steep steps , as far as it ' s possible to go from the flying shrapnel , shelling and snipers ' bullets above , is a large dimly lit room . 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in iraq include australia , belgium , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 these sanctions show that eu is united in its condemnation of assad ’ s brutal policies . 
 . near tal afar , three strikes destroyed an isil - held building and four uav construction facilities . 
 this was one of the most appalling incidents of the conflict so far . 
 with the progress made in both vienna and now in riyadh , the international syria support group continues to build a foundation for constructive negotiations in january under un auspices , regarding a political transition in accordance with the geneva communique of 2012 . 
 but if implemented fully , the cessation can open the way to unhindered and countrywide humanitarian access to those in need . and , most of all , if successful it can open the way to a renewal of intra - syrian talks under un auspices , within the framework set by the un security council . in this respect , we would welcome any intermediate step facilitated by other international players , such as the announced meeting in astana , if fully inclusive and aimed at preparing a fruitful and meaningful resumption of intra - syrian talks in geneva under un auspices . to this aim , i have spoken today to turkish foreign minister mevl ü t ç avu ş o ğ lu and to the un special envoy staffan de mistura , to coordinate our work for syria . the european union is continuing its work with the regional parties . 
 iraqi military officials claim they now control a large majority of the city ' s eastern half . 
 as part of our steadfast commitment to empower the syrian opposition , this assistance will support local and provincial councils , civil society activists , emergency first responders , and others to meet the needs of the syrian people . 
 over the same period more than 2 , 000 people - many of them civilians - have been killed . 
 knox thames , the special advisor to ambassador saperstein for religious minorities in the near east and south and central asia , will travel to turkey november 16 - 17 and to lebanon november 18 - 19 . 
 it is imperative for all parties to coordinate closely over the coming days and weeks to ensure unity of effort in defeating daesh and to provide for the lasting security of the iraqi people . 
 throughout each phase of the campaign to liberate raqqah , the coalition will continually consult with allies and partners as we plan for the city ’ s ultimate seizure and governance once isil is defeated . 
 now we have a big area . " " " 
 “ the foreign secretary met the iraqi foreign minister , ibrahim al - jaafari , to discuss a range of issues including the ongoing fight and the progress being made against daesh in iraq . 
 about 30 , 000 iraqi security force personnel , kurdish fighters , sunni arab tribesmen and shia militiamen , assisted by us - led coalition air strikes , launched the long - awaited offensive to retake mosul eight days ago . 
 syria 
 i very much welcome the agreement on 2 december between the federal government of iraq , led by prime minister haider al abadi , and the kurdistan regional government , represented by prime minister nechirvan barzani , on detailed arrangements on oil exports and revenue sharing . 
 i welcome today ' s news that syrian opposition forces liberated the syrian town of dabiq from isil control , aided by strong support from our ally turkey and our international coalition . 
 additionally in iraq , coalition military forces conducted eight strikes coordinated with and in support of the government of iraq using attack , bomber , fighter , and remotely piloted aircraft as well as rocket artillery against isil targets . 
 the use of chemical weapons is horrific , and a breach of international law and un security council resolutions . 
 the westernmost ripple of the greater zagros mountains , [ 1 ] the hamrin mountains extend from the diyala province bordering iran , northwest to the tigris river , crossing northern salah ad din province and southern kirkuk province . 
 also today , carter commented on yesterday ’ s terrorist bombings in istanbul , turkey . 
 in december , syrian state media said an israeli missile strike had targeted the airport in mezzeh , causing fires but no casualties . 
 declaring mosul district under the criminal code follows the declaration of al - raqqa province in syria in december 2014 . 
 further joint action between uk and france in calais region 
 karim wasifi , studying music in the united states , slipped into baghdad to help musicians and other artists . 
 so named because the resident leader of anti - coalition forces , al - zarqawi , said they would hold on to husaybah with an " " iron fist " " . 
 this will be the greatest challenge that iraq ’ s security forces have yet encountered – they are up to that challenge . 
 we hid from the police . 
 spc . 
 the uk government conducted seven airdrops of life - saving humanitarian aid . 
 it only underscores the importance of coalition efforts to support iraqi security forces in their campaign to defeat this terrorist group . 
 on monday 19 december the un security council adopted resolution 2328 . 
 we will continue to support their efforts specific to the fight against daesh . 
 over the past two weeks syrian government forces and their hezbollah allies have moved into all the farmland around the suburb and even some outlying residential areas . 
 it has a kidney transplant unit and a physiotherapy unit . 
 the rehabilitation of the ishtar gate is the most recent cooperative venture of the future of babylon project – a partnership from 2009 between the governments of iraq and the united states and wmf to support iraqi efforts to assess , document , and preserve the ancient city located south of baghdad . 
 tobias ellwood , minister for the middle east welcomes the liberation of sinjar and reiterates support for the government of iraq in the fight against isil 
 to that end , we believe all international forces in iraq should be there with the approval of and in coordination with the government of iraq , under the umbrella of the coalition . 
 whilst this is an interim deal , it is a positive and welcome first step which demonstrates that both parties are ready and willing to negotiate seriously and in good faith . 
 the group of reserve airmen , made up of a mix of operations group and maintenance group professionals is one of the largest groups to leave from tinker this year to support ongoing operations against the islamic state of iraq and the levant . 
 it ' s helped me to meet others more mature than me , people who i can discuss issues with and learn things from . 
 last week , we also announced that we would increase our humanitarian support to iraq by £ 20 million , bringing our total contribution to £ 59 . 5 million , supporting people across iraq who have been forced to flee from isil ’ s brutality . 
 the members of the security council urge the prime minister - designate , haider al - abadi , to work swiftly to form such a government as quickly as possible and within the constitutional time - frame . 
 the integration of fs forbin marks the first time a french unit has integrated with the task force while being led by the royal navy . 
 " " " shakespeare ' s style of writing is simply beautiful . 
 the army of the victorious sect was announced as one of its constituent groups , along with al - qaeda in iraq , monotheism supporters brigades , saray al - jihad group , al - ghuraba brigades , and al - ahwal brigades . 
 the u.s. reaffirms its commitment to support the government and people of iraq in this struggle , and remains steadfast in its commitment to the global coalition efforts to degrade and defeat da ’ esh . 
 " chapter four contains a warning against outsiders , and enunciates a doctrine concerning the " " corruption " " of holy books very similar to that of the muslims . " 
 minister ellwood said : 
 since the syrian conflict began , the australian government has responded with over $ 135 million for humanitarian assistance . 
 since then anas and other volunteers , many of them also former students whose studies were brought to a halt by the war , have collected more than 14 , 000 books on just about every subject imaginable . 
 we had more workers and we started to cultivate more land . 
 the coi must be allowed to continue gathering evidence so that one day asad and other perpetrators of human rights abuses and possible war crimes can be held to account . 
 to date , about 60 regional and international nations have joined together to counter isil ’ s campaign in iraq and syria “ isil continues to pose a threat to the international community , but the men and women of the 407th aeg , together with our joint and coalition partners , are working hard to defeat and destroy da ’ esh , ” lyons said . 
 . near al huwayjah , one strike destroyed a vbied storage facility . 
 when the syrians came it reduced wages . 
 coalition 
 be in no doubt , we are committed to destroying the terrorist scourge of isil that threatens the lives of people from all communities in both iraq and syria . 
 i welcome the board of inquiry ’ s report , which found that the aid convoy was attacked from the air , making it clear that the strike was carried out by forces of either the asad regime or russia . 
 ministers discussed the syria crisis and conflict in ukraine 
 that is why the uk is working as part of the global coalition to degrade and defeat isil in syria and iraq and , when necessary , striking against those who pose a threat to the uk , and our people and interests . 
 the uk has supported these efforts at dialogue throughout . 
 " " " in a sense the library gave me back my life . 
 but the young man he met on this street years ago now says he wants to go . 
 the horrific attacks in paris have stiffened the resolve of the international community in its determination to defeat isil , whose acts of terror in europe and the middle east aim to challenge our basic values and way of life . 
 we put it in the basement to help stop it being destroyed by shells and bombs like so many other buildings here , " " says anas ahmad , a former civil engineering student who was one of the founders . " 
 the book of revelation contains five chapters in order of decreasing length . 
 to be honest i became so obsessed with hamlet that i began reading it at work . 
 the destruction of isil targets in syria and iraq further limits the group ' s ability to project terror and conduct operations . 
 we will continue to protect all those persecuted by these brutal terrorists as part of a 63 nation coalition designed to defeat isil ’ s poisonous ideology . 
 gen. coe ’ s extended opening statement , and col. john j. thomas , central command spokesman will moderate . 
 work is expected to be completed in 2017 . 
 isil is a threat to all iraqis and it is important that iraq ’ s communities unite in the face of this common enemy . 
 i am appalled by this latest brutal attack by assad ’ s regime , just over a week after video footage emerged showing syrian regime aircrew dropping barrel bombs out of helicopters . 
 once there , he needed to buy an iraqi - made suit . 
 a spokesman for the un high commissioner for human rights , rupert colville , told a news conference in geneva on tuesday that it was continuing to receive reports of depredations against children and women , as well as male civilians . 
 they also agreed to work together with international partners and at the un on a global campaign to bring daesh to justice . ” 
 " forbin is committed to working together with the u.s. and royal navy , " said capt. christophe cluzel , commander of forbin . 
 " " " i ' ll be sitting by myself , watching some place being shelled and i ' m thinking , ' why are they bombing this place ? ' sometimes i hear that someone has died because of their injuries and i ask myself , ' why did he die , what did he do ? ' i don ' t know . " " " 
 then on 10 november the coalition forces began to attack the city of husaybah and pursue any insurgents who fled karabilah . 
 " jaish al - ta ' ifa al - mansurah ( arabic : ج ي ش ا ل ط ا ئ ف ة ا ل م ن ص و ر ة ‎ ‎ jaysh a ṭ - ṭ ā ’ ifa al - man ṣ ū rah , " " army of the victorious sect " " ) is a militant sunni group known to take part in the iraqi insurgency . 
 “ the ministers discussed the crisis in syria and the increase in violence in recent days , including the recent unacceptable attack on an aid convoy . 
 at the request of dfat ’ s middle east branch , ode has completed an evaluation examining the effectiveness of this response . 
 we have supported the liberation of key towns in northern iraq including rabiyah and zumar , broken the siege of the yazidis on mount sinjar , and pushed isil out of kobane . 
 about 6 , 000 military personnel , including representatives from uscentcom headquarters and its air , land and maritime components , will support the exercise . 
 this is also the only way to achieve a decisive defeat of daesh in syria . 
 " " " there ' s huge suffering even among those who work , " " the carpenter says . 
 the coalition complies with the law of armed conflict and takes all feasible precautions during the planning and execution of airstrikes to reduce the risk of harm to non - combatants . 
 although long overdue , these supplies will help relieve the suffering of 40 , 000 civilians besieged within the city . 
 following the update , the foreign secretary boris johnson said : 
 " " " truly i swear the library holds a special place in all our hearts . 
 in addition to the 14 tanks , three artillery systems , two isil - held buildings , two tactical vehicles , and an air defense artillery system were also destroyed in the strike . 
 instead its liberation gives the campaign to deliver isil a lasting defeat new momentum in syria . 
 but he says there ' s also much enthusiasm for names that are more familiar in the west . 
 frequency : 12130 mhz polarization : vertical symbol rate : 27 . 5 mb / s fec : 5 / 6 hotbird 8 - 13 ° east transponder : 77 frequency : 12 . 245 mhz polarization : horizontal symbol rate : 27 . 500 m symbol fec : 3 / 4 
 " " " we feel the difference , " " says mohammed . 
 although the deterioration of the situation in aleppo will be a setback for the syrian opposition it will not change the fundamentals of the conflict . 
 as deputy secretary of state antony blinken announced today at the manama dialogue , the united states will provide nearly $ 100 million in new assistance to the syrian opposition , bringing the total support we have committed and are providing to the syrian opposition since 2012 to nearly $ 500 million . 
 they ' re the two sides of iraq you see everywhere you go . 
 the visit by fco minister tobias ellwood focused on support to syria as well as regional security and prosperity . 
 the majority of their most popular books are by well - known arab writers such as the poet and playwright ahmed shawqi , known as the prince of poets , or syrian author al - tanawi , who chronicled rebellions in the arab world . 
 in syria , coalition military forces conducted 15 strikes using attack , bomber , fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against isil targets . 
 in their march toward raqqah , the sdf has already liberated dozens of villages and more than 700 square miles of isil - held terrain . 
 exercise eager lion 16 will consist of a week - long series of simulated scenarios to facilitate a coordinated partnered military response to conventional and unconventional threats . 
 the coalition supports the sdf through training , advise and assist operations , airstrikes and material support to the sac . 
 this evaluation considers both the efficacy of material assistance provided and that of australia ’ s diplomatic efforts . 
 when a place has been besieged for years and hunger stalks the streets , you might have thought people would have little interest in books . 
 i would say that just like the body needs food , the soul needs books . " " " 
 the location of the library is secret because anas and other users fear it would be targeted by darayya ' s attackers if they knew where it was . 
 about 350 syrians work for al - rahman farms . 
 as i conveyed to foreign minister al - jubeir today , we appreciate saudi arabia ’ s leadership in convening this broad and representative group of 116 participants , who agreed today on the structure of their negotiating body to represent them in the political process . 
 dayton was mortally wounded in the vicinity of ayn issa in northern syria , according to a combined joint task force - operation inherent resolve news release . 
 it is claimed that the original text of the book of revelation is kept in the yazidi village of ba ' idn and the original text of the yazidi black book is kept in the village of qasr ' tzz at - din . [ 2 ] 
 to clarify : u.s. forces are advising and assisting syrian democratic forces ( sdf ) , primarily syrian arab forces operating in the northern part of the country who are leading efforts in the campaign to defeat daesh . 
 " " " we very much fear that these will not be the last such reports we receive of such barbaric acts by [ is ] , and repeat our call on government forces and their allies to ensure their fighters do not take revenge on any of the civilians who escape from areas under is control , and treat all suspected is fighters they capture in accordance with international humanitarian law , " " said mr colville . " 
 we will not allow al - qaida to grow its capacity to attack the united states or our allies around the world , and these strikes demonstrate that commitment . ” 
 attribution is on - the - record from spokesperson john kirby . 
 the united states strongly condemns isil ’ s multiple suicide attacks in the town of tel tamer in hasaka province , which targeted and killed scores of syrian civilians , including at a hospital and marketplace . 
 " " " we don ' t get healthcare and i spent all my savings on hospital treatment for my wife , " " he goes on . 
 in syria , coalition military forces conducted 15 strikes using attack , bomber , fighter and remotely piloted aircraft against isil targets . 
 the prime minister and president hollande met on 3 march for the 2016 uk - france summit at amiens in france . 
 his permit describes him as doing a different , low - skilled job . 
 karim and sadiq met again this week for another fleeting moment . 
 it ' s also a story about iraq . 
 the european union has been among those calling for a new cessation of hostilities in syria ever since the last one broke down in september . 
 many arab citizens who have been liberated from villages around raqqa are seeking to join the sdf ’ s fight against isil , davis said . 
 . near ar raqqah , five strikes engaged two isil tactical units and destroyed a front - end loader , a vbied , a fighting position , and a tunnel entrance . 
 when prompted , enter passcode 3080897 . 
 the uk is at the forefront of global efforts to provide humanitarian aid having committed over £ 1 . 1bn to vulnerable and displaced people inside syria and to refugees in neighbouring countries . 
 such a solution will allow all parties to focus on the shared threat posed by da ’ esh and other terrorists . 
 also on tuesday , a russian military spokesman accused the us - led coalition of killing more than 60 civilians and injuring 200 others in air strikes in and around mosul over the past three days . 
 today , multiple attacks , also claimed by da ’ esh , have killed at least 35 more innocent civilians and injured scores of others . 
 a foreign office spokesman said : “ the foreign secretary met russian foreign minister sergei lavrov earlier today on the margins of the unga meeting in new york , their first face - to - face meeting since boris johnson was appointed . 
 they have permits . 
 on saturday , dae ’ sh claimed dual attacks in the commercial area of the al - sinek neighborhood in baghdad which killed at least 28 people . 
 after 2 years of brutal rule , the people of mosul can start to have hope for a better future . 
 " " i need a heart procedure and i shouldn ' t work but the day i don ' t work , i don ' t eat . " " " 
 " her integration will reinforce our already strong bonds and advance the progress in interoperability made to date . " 
 coordinates : 33 ° 30 ′ 21 ″ n 36 ° 16 ′ 11 ″ e / 33 . 505716 ° n 36 . 269635 ° e / 33 . 505716 ; 36 . 269635 
 karim ' s own family has packed up too . 
 in the latter , he commanded a garrison on the kuwaiti island of failaka , and was taken prisoner by u.s. marines . 
 boris johnson met the iraqi foreign minister , ibrahim al - jaafari in london today . 
 he survived the night of the attack by jumping from a window . 
 speaking today , minister ellwood said : 
 the members of the security council urge all political parties and their supporters to remain calm and respect the political process governed by the constitution . 
 the sdf have regained about 300 square miles since the isolation of raqqa began early last month , davis said . 
 " " the salaries aren ' t enough and the united nations isn ' t providing much . 
 a man whose sister was killed told the campaign group that he had heard a plane flying over his home , 300m ( 984ft ) from the mosque , shortly before the blast . 
 a strike , as defined in the cjtf releases , means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the same geographic location to produce a single , sometimes cumulative effect for that location . 
 our position remains as strong as ever – we will continue to call for a political transition to a future in which assad has no part . 
 besides identifying common ground on post - conflict arrangements , the initiative is examining the scope for reconciliation and reconstruction once a credible political transition is firmly under way . 
 were there any agreements ? 
 it remains unclear if the alleged bombardment , which caused fires , has caused any casualties . 
 the hospital contains 645 beds , 36 of which are for intensive care , and has a special emergency ward for internal diseases . [ 3 ] 
 foreign secretary statement on un chemical weapons report 
 " we ' re confident that as the enemy attempt to use a lot of means - not just chemicals - we ' re targeting the training with the iraqis and with the coalition to make sure we ' re mitigating any risk of that threat . " 
 this attack is yet another sign of daesh ’ s cowardice and contempt for human life and their attempt to sow sectarian discord among the people of iraq . 
 the remaining parts of the structure are in dire need of conservation to stop further deterioration and to correct modern - era modifications that hasten damage to the monument and that are not historically accurate . 
 we have to be extremely careful because snipers sometimes follow us in their sights , anticipating the next step we ' ll take . " " " 
 this shared fight against da ’ esh will be aided by syrians reaching a negotiated political transition away from the asad dictatorship whose actions have helped da ’ esh gather support . 
 today at the iraqi museum in baghdad , the u.s. embassy chargé d ’ affaires , a.i. , jonathan cohen and dr. ahmed kamil murad , acting general director of the office of museums at the iraqi ministry of culture , state board of antiquities and heritage ( sbah ) announced the funding of a project for the rehabilitation and preservation of the ishtar gate at the remains of the ancient city of babylon in iraq . 
 the call is scheduled to last 45 minutes . 
 immortal spirits , karim called it . 
 ghadiya was killed in a 2008 raid by us special operations inside syrian territory . [ 4 ] 
 during the operation , 16 coalition aircraft fired 22 munitions destroying 22 targets . 
 sadiq maroof was a young shopkeeper there . 
 philip hammond said : the uk has worked tirelessly with other member states to secure 13 new eu sanctions listings on syria . 
 the un security council voted unanimously to adopt resolution 2249 , which condemned the 13 november attacks in paris and others in the middle east , including those in sousse on 25 june in which 30 britons were murdered . 
 we will continue applying pressure to the regime until it reassesses its position , ends the violence and engages in meaningful negotiations with the moderate opposition . 
 chapter two describes the omnipotence of god . 
 all aircraft returned to base safely . 
 deputy secretary of state antony blinken will travel to iraq to discuss key political , economic , and security issues with government officials . 
 after seizing the area , the isf fought off several counterattacks and six vbieds the following day before retrograding a short distance , under heavy enemy fire , to strengthen their position . 
 the attacks occurred during daylight hours from late morning to early evening on thursday . 
 defence secretary secures progress on brimstone sales as unmanned aircraft project moves forward 
 they also saved us money , " " says the farms ' owner , jamal alzoubi . " 
 samarra barrage ( arabic : س د س ا م َ ر ّ ا ء ‎ ‎ ) and tharthar barrage ( arabic : س د ا ل ث َ ر ث ا ر ‎ ‎ ) is a multi - purpose barrage on the tigris river adjacent ( west ) of samarra and north of baghdad , iraq . 
 speaking after a meeting with coalition counterparts in paris , the us defense secretary ash carter said the offensive was proceeding as planned . 
 it also noted that there was a base for kurdish peshmerga fighters outside daquq and that the town was within shelling range of the nearest is - controlled territory , about 15km away . 
 . near al shadaddi , one strike engaged an isil tactical unit and destroyed a fighting position . 
 he knew where to find it - in baghdad ' s popular karrada neighbourhood , a place where all of iraq lived , people of every faith , and no faith . 
 accordingly , cjtf - oir does not report the number or type of aircraft employed in a strike , the number of munitions dropped in each strike , or the number of individual munition impact points against a target . 
 the yazidi community were exposed , starving and dying of thirst when they were forced up mount sinjar after fleeing from their homes . 
 the arab element of the sdf is indigenous to the area and will help establish regional support for sdf operations . 
 they claim attacks against shi ' ite civilians on a regular basis [ citation needed ] and once claimed responsibility for an attack on what it claimed were badr and interior ministry officers in the doura district of baghdad using police commando uniforms and official ministry vehicles . 
 " " " it helped us a lot . 
 membership of the european union also gives both countries greater security and greater capacity to project power . 
 on january 13 , 2007 , he was appointed by prime minister nouri maliki as the iraqi commander for the baghdad operational command , which controls all iraqi security forces in baghdad and is charged with securing the capital . 
 he was a brigadier general in the navy during the 1991 gulf war . 
 for 14 - year - old amjad it is safer there than being above ground , and over time his enthusiasm for the place has earned him the role of " " deputy librarian " " . " 
 . near al huwayjah , one strike engaged an isil tactical unit and destroyed an isil - held building . 
 philip hammond condemns apparent barrel bomb attacks in syria which have killed and injured more innocent civilians 
 foreign secretary boris johnson welcomes the un board of inquiry ’ s summary of its investigation into the attack on an aid convoy , which took place in urem al - kubra , northern syria , on 19 september . 
 sadiq stood behind karim when the musician played a piece he ' d composed himself . 
 minister tobias ellwood welcomes the government of iraq ’ s liberation of tikrit and reiterates uk support for iraq in the fight against isil . 
 i am deeply relieved by the delivery of life - saving food and aid supplies to madaya . 
 the following day , iraqi security forces reportedly discovered the bodies of 70 civilians inside houses in the village of tuloul naser , about 35km south of mosul . 
 the former leader of al qaeda in iraq , jordanian - born militant abu musab al - zarqawi , maintained a safehouse in the village . 
 the hospital is affiliated with damascus university . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] 
 prime minister and president hollande speaking at the uk - france summit 2016 . 
 in syria , with the support of the 60 - plus nation counter - daesh coalition , the sdf , which includes the syrian arab coalition , has made extraordinary progress over the past 20 - plus months , retaking more than 18 , 000 square kilometers of territory previously held by the enemy . 
 they dictated terms . 
 i hope that all iraqi leaders will follow this constructive approach to addressing practical challenges , in the interests of national reconciliation and unity against a common enemy who are a threat to all . 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood has commented on the long - overdue delivery of aid to civilians in madaya . 
 isil ’ s murderous violence requires a strong security response . 
 isiah l . booker , of cibolo , texas , died jan. 7 , in jordan , in a non - combat related incident . 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood marks one year since yazidi plight on mount sinjar at the hands of isil . 
 on dec. 6th , iraqi security forces attempted to seize the al salem hospital complex from isil fighters in the heart of east mosul . 
 we also call for an end to the asad regime ’ s escalating attacks on aleppo and daraya , as well as its besiegement of towns and obstruction of humanitarian access . 
 cook said the campaign against islamic state of iraq and the levant terrorists is also progressing in both iraq and syria . 
 on dec. 7th , after iraqi forces continued to receive heavy and sustained machine gun and rocket propelled grenade fire from isil fighters in a building on the hospital complex , they requested immediate support from the coalition . 
 however , a spokesman declined to say whether iraqi air force planes were flying in the area , according to the associated press . 
 ninety - four citizen airmen from the 507th air refueling wing here departed for a deployment to incirlik air base , turkey to support operation inherent resolve with kc - 135r stratotanker air refueling support . 
 " " " i ' ve read some books by french writers but i like hamlet the best , " " says abdulbaset alahmar , another former student in his mid - 20s . " 
 state television quoted the army as saying several rockets landed in the airport compound in mezzeh , reuters news agency reports . 
 the report by the un independent commission of inquiry ( coi ) on syria makes grim reading : it details deliberate attacks against civilians , and unabated violations of human rights such as torture , illegal detentions , executions and sexual violence . 
 i echo prime minister abadi ’ s recent call that all parties respect the human rights of citizens in tikrit who have already suffered so much at the hands of brutal isil terrorists . 
 the foreign secretary pressed for russia to use its influence constructively and underlined the need for the international community to work together to resolve the conflict . 
 “ sdf forces have now advanced to within 7 . 5 kilometers of tabqa dam , and continue to make progress in clearing areas north and west of raqqah , ” cook said . 
 - disrupt and counter violent extremism . 
 special presidential envoy for the global coalition to counter isil brett mcgurk will lead an interagency delegation to berlin , germany for a meeting on november 17 with key members of the counter isil coalition . 
 abu ghadiya provided false passports , safe houses , weapons and money to militants on the syrian side of the iraqi border before the fighters would cross into iraq . [ 3 ] 
 refugees have long been working illegally on farms in jordan but risked being deported back to syria if they were caught . 
 battle positions were constructed , preventing the insurgency from regaining control of the city . 
 . near mosul , three strikes engaged three isil tactical units ; destroyed four fighting positions , two vehicles , an isil - held building , and a rocket - propelled grenade launcher ; and damaged 39 supply routes , three tunnels , and a front - end loader . 
 “ the foreign secretary was clear that while ongoing disagreements mean it is too early to normalise diplomatic relations , it is right that both countries continue to discuss important global issues . ” 
 navy senior chief petty officer scott c . dayton , 42 , of woodbridge , virginia , died nov. 24 in northern syria , of wounds sustained in an improvised explosive device blast , according to a dod news release issued yesterday . 
 syrian refugees are happy to have them but many say it will take more to improve their lot . 
 with the permits , it ' s excellent . " " " 
 it broadcasts live entertainment , social , political , and game shows hosted by young iraqis , and drama and comedy series starred , directed and produced by iraqis . 
 the destruction of isil targets in syria and iraq further limits the group ' s ability to project terror and conduct operations . 
 following the visit , the minister said : 
 sadiq represents the enterprising spirit in an oil - rich land which should be able to bring prosperity for its people . 
 coordinates : 35 ° 01 ′ 57 ″ n 43 ° 38 ′ 47 ″ e / 35 . 0325 ° n 43 . 6463889 ° e / 35 . 0325 ; 43 . 6463889 
 answer : u.s. companies are prohibited from providing web - hosting or any other service to the syrian government under executive order 13582 without a license from the department of the treasury . 
 " " the camp where they live is oppressive but now they ' re free to come and go . 
 the syrian democratic forces announced the start of the next phase of their operation to isolate isil ' s self - proclaimed capital of raqqah , dec. 10 . 
 again i want to congratulate the syrians who fought to free dabiq and thank our ally turkey for the close coordination during this operation . ‎ 
 the resolution demanded full access for the un across syria and requested it to monitor the evacuations from eastern aleppo and to ensure that protection is provided to those who opted to remain . 
 ground - based artillery fired in counter - fire or in fire support to maneuver roles are not classified as a strike as defined by cjtf - oir . 
 this will require flexibility and compromise on both sides ; however i have no doubt that a resolution will bring benefits to iraqis across the country . 
 over half a million syrians are still in areas besieged by the regime – many have received no aid since june . 
 we call on more countries to assist in responding to this urgent humanitarian situation by welcoming camp residents for relocation and by contributing to the fund established by the united nations to support their resettlement . 
 we also urge the government of iraq to provide additional security for the camp ’ s residents and to find the perpetrators and hold them accountable for the attack , consistent with its obligations under the december 25 , 2011 agreement with the united nations . 
 dayton , who was supporting operation inherent resolve , was assigned to explosive ordnance disposal mobile unit two , which is based in virginia beach , virginia , the release said . 
 it is being conducted in full coordination and support of the intra - syrian talks that will be held by the un special envoy de mistura in geneva in february , and in view of the brussels conference on syria and the region which will be hosted by the eu later in the spring . the eu is strongly committed to contribute towards a political transition in syria as agreed in the un security council resolutions 2254 and 2118 . 
 " ‎ the syrian democratic forces have begun their operation to isolate the city of raqqah and other isil - held territory in syria . 
 " " yes , i remember , " " karim replied . 
 . near tal afar , one strike destroyed a vbied factory . 
 jordan ' s economy is currently growing at just 2 . 4 % a year . 
 baghdad - combined joint task force - operation inherent resolve provided more than 24 , 000 protective chemical masks to the iraqi security forces and peshmerga during training in preparation for the mosul offensive . 
 while the deployment may be shorter , the 507th arw will be deploying again with a large contingent of the wing deploying again in the summer of 2017 . 
 you can hear more from the people who use syria ' s secret library on radio 4 ' s crossing continents at 11am on thursday 28 july 
 the two men first met in 2001 - a time when iraq was in the iron grip of saddam hussein , a time of few freedoms . 
 we want to be a free nation . 
 the use of chemical weapons by daesh in marea shows their complete disregard for human rights , and international norms and values . 
 we are seeing heartbreaking scenes . 
 the coalition is supporting the sdf by providing air and advise and assist support . 
 a strike , as defined in the cjtf releases , means one or more kinetic events that occur in roughly the same geographic location to produce a single , sometimes cumulative effect for that location . 
 as iraq continues to make progress in implementing this reform agenda , which promises a better future for all iraqis , it can count on support from its partners in the international community . 
 photographs of u.s. service members in syria shown wearing patches associated with the kurdish ypg have recently circulated through traditional and social media . 
 a police officer told hrw that earlier on friday is had carried out a mortar attack on a peshmerga frontline position about 6km from daquq . 
 the operations ward contains 11 operation rooms suitable for laparoscopic and open heart surgery as well as computerized neurosurgery . 
 they also control three of the five key bridges crossing the river tigris , which divides mosul in two . 
 alsumaria adopts a liberal perspective whilst maintaining religious faith and strongly refuting repression and autocracy . 
 the area of mosul district , ninewa province in iraq , has been declared a designated area under section 119 . 3 of the criminal code . 
 . near dayr az zayr , five strikes destroyed three oil well heads , 16 oil tanker trucks , two oil pump jacks , and an excavator . 
 the manual described the construction of simple chemical weapons , including how to build a chemical munition from an ordinary artillery round . [ 1 ] on december 7 , 2006 , the swedish citizen mohamed moumou , who is described by the united states department of the treasury as an " " uncontested leader of an extremist group centered around the brandbergen mosque in stockholm " " , was put on the united nations security council committee 1267 list of foreign terrorists . [ 2 ] " 
 since 2009 , the department of state has contributed more than $ 4 million to the future of babylon . 
 coalition nations which have conducted strikes in iraq include australia , belgium , canada , denmark , france , jordan , the netherlands , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
 we can only do that through the books we are reading . 
 the united states remains committed to working with our partners in syria , iraq , and the international community to bring an end to isil ’ s depravity and ultimately destroy this terrorist organization . 
 today ’ s announcement marks the first time the u.s. secretary of state has authorized a rewards for justice offer for information that could be used to disrupt sale or trade in oil or antiquities by , or on behalf of , a terrorist organization . 
 however , until recently , the government allowed only a few thousand to work . 
 the assault of husaybah and karabilah was " " operation : steel curtain " " . 
 the actual core texts of the religion that exist today are the hymns known as qewl . [ 3 ] 
 what action has the state department taken to investigate these reports ? 
 he ' s the conductor of iraq ' s famed national symphony orchestra , a composer , and , he says , an arts activist . 
 the eu has and will continue to be the biggest humanitarian aid donor in syria and in the neighbouring countries with over 9 billion euros committed since the start of the crisis . but our aim and role is not only humanitarian . 
 we remain committed to working with prime minister al - abadi , the iraqi security forces , and our partners in the international community to support the government of iraq in defeating isil and holding this terrorist organization accountable for the atrocities it has committed . 
 " the coalition is trained . 
 the combined joint task force – inherent resolve commander , lt. gen. stephen j. townsend , provided the following statement on the sdf advance : 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood calls isil presence in palmyra a tragedy 
 “ it is unacceptable that the un has still not been given access to eastern aleppo to assist those who remain and carry out monitoring . 
 sadiq draws me aside , as karim continues to play , and tells me he can ' t take life here any more . 
 . near bayji , one strike engaged an isil tactical unit and destroyed an isil - held building , a vbied , and a front - end loader . 
 the target was unclear but the highway from lebanon to damascus runs through the town . 
 each individual calling in will be asked to identify themselves and media affiliation into a recording before being automatically connected . 
 additionally in iraq , coalition military forces conducted 11 strikes coordinated with and in support of the government of iraq using attack , fighter , and remotely piloted aircraft as well as rocket artillery against isil targets . 
 elsewhere , 15 civilians were reportedly killed and their bodies thrown into a river in an attempt to spread terror . 
 the un commission of inquiry on syria has today published a report on the human rights situation in syria . 
 foreign secretary philip hammond welcomed the unanimous adoption of un security council resolution 2254 as an important step towards bringing the warring parties in syria to the negotiating table and to a transition away from the assad regime to an inclusive syrian government . 
 more than 40 members of the coalition will assemble to review the campaign to date , and strategize how to further accelerate isil ’ s demise . 
 the un updated security council members today ( 23 december ) that it has still not been given access to eastern aleppo . 
 the uk remains steadfast in its support of the government of iraq and the iraqi people in their fight against isil . 
 he was appointed by iraqi prime minister nouri al - maliki to lead the 2007 baghdad crackdown in february 2007 , though he was considered a relatively unknown officer . [ 3 ] qanbar was a compromise choice after the u.s. military rejected maliki ' s first choice , mohan al - freiji . [ 2 ] qanbar announced the details of the new security plan on live iraqi television on february 13 . [ 4 ] 
 u.s. forces will join jordan in exercise eager lion 16 , one of u.s. central command ' s premiere exercises , in the hashemite kingdom of jordan from may 15 - 24 . 
 the u.s. department of state ' s rewards for justice program is offering rewards for information that will disrupt the trade of oil and trafficking of antiquities that benefit the terrorist group islamic state of iraq and the levant ( isil ) . 
 now they can get free work permits . 
 the cultural center will include an assembly hall , library , restaurant , gyms and baths . [ 3 ] it is meant to serve as a meeting place for the area ' s muslims , as well as other residents . [ 4 ] 
 so i bring a collection of books and i put them there . 
 we condemn in the strongest possible terms terrorist attacks this weekend in baghdad and najaf . 
 " " " even in the heat of battle , armed forces should take all feasible precautions to avoid harming civilians , " " said lama fakih , hrw ' s deputy middle east director . 
 " karim is now known by many . 
 the u.s. , french and royal navy are working together in support of maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts in the u.s. 5th fleet area of operations . 
 mogherini proposed the initiative on the future of syria to eu leaders at the end of last year , who invited her to build on it . 
 as it is , the library is in an area considered too dangerous for children to approach . 
 booker was assigned to 2nd battalion , 5th special forces group , fort campbell , kentucky . 
 france is one of our most important partners and this summit was an opportunity to further strengthen the co - operation between our 2 countries . 
 " " it ' s the same work we used to do on our land back in homs . " " " 
 be sure to follow the deputy secretary on twitter ( @ ablinken ) and on the state department 's flickr and instagram for more updates throughout his trip . 
 we are confident that this next phase will continue the momentum that the coalition and our partners have achieved , and that together we will deliver isil a lasting defeat . " 
 questions from the pentagon press to the investigating officer will follow brig . 
 it was founded in 1988 and is run by the ministry of higher education . 
 “ we are excited to generate , execute , and sustain decisive combat airpower through this expeditionary fighter squadron , ” said col. david c. lyons , 407th aeg commander . 
 the group plans to be deployed two months , which is shorter than previous deployments in air force reserve command . 
 united , we continue to work to defeat isil on all fronts : not just militarily , but cutting off their finance , reducing the influx of fighters , challenging the ideology and providing humanitarian assistance to those in need . 
 our two countries continue to work side by side to address a range of challenges including the syrian civil war , the global refugee crisis , and the threat posed to law - abiding people everywhere by violent extremist groups . 
 we appreciate that this extremely diverse group of syrians put aside differences in the interest of building a new syria . 
 karim said he wanted to create a moment of beauty , of civilisation , at the very site where a group caused terror and death , and created darkness . 
 he describes every single detail so vividly that it ' s like i ' m in a cinema watching a film in front of me . 
 the un have confirmed reports that isil has killed 70 members of the al bu nimr tribe in anbar , iraq . 
 update ( 3 august 2016 ) : within days of the publication of this story , omar was killed on the front line during an attack by pro - assad forces 
 “ establishing , maintaining and enhancing interoperability with our coalition partners strengthens the global security framework , protects our common interests , deters conflict , and sets the conditions for future contingency operations , ” said russell . 
 deputy secretary blinken will then visit the iraqi kurdistan region on november 23 , where he will meet with senior regional government officials to continue discussions on our efforts to degrade and defeat daesh as well as our response to the urgent humanitarian and refugee crises in iraq . 
 the yazidi book of revelation ( kit ê ba cilwe in kurdish ; also transliterated as kitab al jilwah ) is one of two books on the yazidi religion written in the style of a holy book in the kurmanji dialect of the northern kurdish language , the other being the yazidi black book ( mishefa re ş in kurdish ) . [ 1 ] 
 at first glance the idea of people risking life and limb to collect books for a library seems bizarre . 
 later in the day , carter flew to visit u.s. service members at qayyarah airfield west , also called “ q - west ” in northern iraq . 
 " the army was quoted as warning israel " " of the repercussions of the flagrant attack " " , according to reuters . " 
 so i sit there for six or seven hours , reading . " " " 
 these strikes engaged three isil tactical units , four isil vehicles , four enemy mortar systems , four isil - held buildings , three rocket - propelled grenades , two vehicle - borne homemade bombs , two front - end loaders , a tunnel , a land bridge and a supply cache ; damaged 13 supply routes ; and suppressed three isil tactical units , he added . 
 . near mosul , five strikes engaged four isil tactical units ; destroyed three isil - held buildings , two vehicles , two mortar systems , a rocket propelled grenade launcher , a vbied staging facility , and a vbied ; damaged 29 supply routes ; and suppressed an isil tactical unit and a mortar team . 
 it has suffered from a loss of trade with its war - torn neighbours , syria and iraq and there is high national debt . 
 accordingly , cjtf - oir does not report the number or type of aircraft employed in a strike , the number of munitions dropped in each strike , or the number of individual munition impact points against a target . 
 " " " having the new rules of origin and having the ability to employ syrians in sectors - especially blue collar sectors - is very much allowing us to convert this burden and challenge into an opportunity , " " says jordanian planning minister , imad fakhoury . " 
 " " " this great scientific and cultural building was liberated by the heroes , " " lt gen talib shaghati , said . 
 the grant is part of the ongoing cultural partnership between the united states and iraq in support of the u.s. - iraq strategic framework agreement . 
 we ’ ve got to get that gas to the warfighter . ” 
 especially in the wake of recent terrorist attacks inside turkey , the united states is committed to standing with you as we strive together — in partnership with others in the world community — on behalf of justice , security , and the rule of law . 
 iraq 
 the summit is the first since last year ’ s terror attacks in paris and the 2 leaders discussed the fight against terrorism through intensified police and security co - operation . 
 philip hammond welcomes unsc support for new talks to end syrian conflict . 
 so having a single aircraft deliver a single weapon against a lone isil vehicle is one strike , but so is multiple aircraft delivering dozens of weapons against a group of buildings and vehicles and weapon systems in a compound , for example , having the cumulative effect of making that facility ( or facilities ) harder or impossible to use . 
 during the initial phase of isolation efforts , our syrian partners have proven their ability in battle , pushing isil back and destroying isil heavy weapons , vehicles , fortifications , ied facilities , vbieds , armored vehicles , technical vehicles , bridges , decoys , and caches . 
 we extend our deepest condolences to the victims ’ families and friends . 
 question : there are reports of u.s. , german , and canadian companies hosting syrian government websites . 
 part of this new assistance includes an additional $ 15 million contribution to the syria recovery trust fund ( srtf ) , which channels donor contributions in a transparent and accountable manner to priority projects inside syria . 
 minister for the middle east tobias ellwood comments following an attack on a petrol station and restaurant in al - hilla in iraq 
 . near ar raqqah , 12 strikes engaged six isil tactical units ; destroyed an ied , seven fighting positions , and a vbied ; and damaged four supply routes . 
 dabiq held symbolic importance to isil . 
 . near ayn isa , one strike destroyed a vbied and an isil tactical vehicle . 
 now it is being offered international support to turn things around . 
 defense secretary ash carter today met with iraqi prime minister ‎ haider al - abadi in baghdad , where the two leaders discussed the campaign to liberate the iraqi city of mosul from islamic state of iraq and the levant terrorists and other issues , according to a defense department news release . 
 syrians at the farm come from a nearby refugee camp . 
 part of their training includes reacting to chemical attacks by isil and effectively using and fighting in their issued gas masks . 
 the syrian computer society is an organization in syria . 
 minister ellwood said : 
 he told the tribunal that he was instead kidnapped “ from lebanon on may 6 . ” [ 3 ] 
 “ we got to shoot with them for the past two weeks before this exercise , ” said spc. lorraine walsh , an artillery crewmember and native of vermillion , south dakota . 
 there can be no lasting peace without justice ; there must be no impunity . 
 last week , amnesty international alleged they had subjected sunni arabs who had fled is to arbitrary detention , enforced disappearance and unlawful killing after capturing them or placing them in custody . 
 the last meeting of coalition foreign ministers took place in rome , italy , on february 2 , 2016 , and the last meeting of defense ministers took place in brussels , belgium , on february 11 , 2016 . 
 . near ar raqqah , 15 strikes engaged five isil tactical units ; destroyed six oil refinement stills , three supply caches , two bridges , two artillery systems , a vbied , a bulldozer , a uav , an ied , a dump truck , a pontoon bridge , a tank , and an armored vehicle ; and damaged a supply route . 
 elsewhere in the campaign to defeat isil , the syrian democratic forces have begun the third phase of the effort to isolate the city of raqqa , a self - proclaimed isil capital in syria . 
 sadiq , in a simple t - shirt , with a receding hairline now , wore his own sadness like a cloak . 
 he added , “ as you know , al - qaida remains committed to carrying out terrorist attacks against the united states , our interests , and our allies and friends . 
 the coalition ’ s small group regularly meets to synchronize and enhance combined efforts to counter isil . 
 . near ayn isa , three strikes engaged two isil tactical units and destroyed a vehicle , five fighting positions , a command and control node , a vbied , and a heavy machine gun . 
 so far some 20 , 000 work permits have been given out in jordan . 
 syria has for too long been the world ’ s biggest humanitarian and security crisis . 
 sinjar is free because royal air force and other coalition forces provided vital air support for local , legitimate ground forces , focused on defeating isil and minimising civilian casualties . 
 “ al - qaida ' s foreign terrorist fighter network used this headquarters as a gathering place , and their leaders directed terrorist operations out of this location , ” cook said . 
 since the start of the operation the coalition conducted more than 300 strikes delivering more than 850 munitions in support of its partners on the ground to enable the isolation of raqqah and defeat of isil in syria . 
 coordinates : 33 ° 47 ′ n 44 ° 30 ′ e / 33 . 783 ° n 44 . 500 ° e / 33 . 783 ; 44 . 500 
 it violated the peace of ramadan . 
 but that has not stopped anas and his friends scouring the devastated streets for more material to fill the library ' s shelves . 
 nearly 12 months since the city of mosul in northern iraq was taken by isil terrorists , we have heard once again about the horrendous treatment of the people of mosul . 
 the coalition ’ s small group regularly meets to coordinate and enhance combined efforts to counter da ’ esh . 
 foreign minister julie bishop met with the minister of foreign affairs of iraq , he dr ibrahim al - ja ’ afari , in canberra on 12 february to discuss bilateral relations and reaffirm our shared commitment to combating the terrorist threat of daesh ( also known as isil ) . 
 the foreign secretary philip hammond said : 
 we offer our deepest condolences to the families of the victims of this barbaric act of mass murder .